Deprecate 5 old app docs (#4244)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/kubernetes-control-plane.md

[Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) is a system that automates the deployment, management, scaling, networking, and availability of container-based applications. Kubernetes container-orchestration allows you to easily deploy and manage multi-container applications at scale.

:::note

> Sumo Logic only supports Kubernetes 1.16 or later version of Kubernetes Control Plane app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic supports only Kubernetes versions 1.16 or later for the Kubernetes Control Plane app.
```
